RTC-377 Add SIP component docs (#81)
jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-docs: docs/getting_started/components/sip.md

# SIP

> Makes a SIP connection with specified provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makes a SIP connection with the specified provider.
```

From this connection it consumes a remote RTP stream with G711 A-law audio

> and publishes through this connection all audio tracks from engine.

Reviewer: Engine isn't a Jellyfish term
```suggestion
and publishes through this connection all audio tracks from the [Room](REFLINK_TO_ROOM).
```

Reviewer: One more thing: the last PR added a new `Room` page. Would you be so kind and change all occurrences in File, HLS and RTSP to point to that?

> Supports OPUS streams only.

Reviewer: I'd get rid of this sentence. It may confuse readers since we're talking about G711 right above. Moreover, us using OPUS is, right now, strictly an engine thing which users do not necessarily need to know -- it isn't relevant here as e.g. in the File endpoint, where the file *needs* to be opus-encoded

Read more about SIP [here](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3261.html).

## Compatibility

* [WebRTC](../peers/webrtc.md)
* [HLS](./hls.md)
* [RTSP](./rtsp.md)
* [File](./file.md)

## Requirements
* The specified SIP provider needs to support G711 A-law as it will be a format in which audio from
SIP Endpoint will be published.

## Configuration options

**Required**

> * `registrarCredentials` (object) - registrar credentials which allows to make a connection with a SIP provider.

Reviewer 2: Should we elaborate more on the format of the credentials, or they're just in some standard format?

Reviewer: Let's add a reflink to the REST API. See `s3` option in HLS for reference

## Env variables

* `JF_SIP_USED` - has to be `true` if SIP component will be used

> * `JF_SIP_IP` - the IP address on which SIP server will listen. It must be a public IP and reachable from the outside network. 

Reviewer: We need to add these variables to `getting_started/installation` as well
